Import/re-export functions (#157)
hubverse-org/hubValidations: NEWS.md

# hubValidations (development version)

> * Re-exported functions useful for modellers (#149):
>   - `hubUtils::read_config()` and `hubUtiles::read_config_file()` for reading in hub configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Re-exported functions useful for modelers (#149):
  - `hubUtils::read_config()` and `hubUtils::read_config_file()` for reading in hub configuration files.
```
